Update documentation for push delivery support (#100)
gsoft-inc/wl-domain-event-propagation: README.md

| Workleap.DomainEventPropagation.Subscription.PullDelivery | | Contains types for an ASP.NET Core app to subscribe to Event Grid topics and receive events using pull delivery |
| Workleap.DomainEventPropagation.Subscription.ApplicationInsights | [![nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Workleap.DomainEventPropagation.Subscription.ApplicationInsights.svg?logo=nuget)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Workleap.DomainEventPropagation.Subscription.ApplicationInsights) | Adds Application Insights distributed tracing when receiving events                         |

These libraries must be used in conjunction with [Azure Event Grid](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/event-grid/) in order to publish and receive domain events.
It is meant to be used in a multi-services architecture where each service is responsible for its own data and publishes events to notify other services of changes. Read more about this in the [architecture center](https://gsoftdev.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TEC/pages/3914039609/How+should+two+services+use+Event+Grid+to+communicate)

## Getting started

### Limitations

For now, librairies has the following limitations :

> - There is no support to reveive Cloud Events using push delivery

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Receiving Cloud Events using push delivery
```

> - Using Event grid events is not possible with Namespace Topics (Microsoft limitation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using Event Grid events with Namespace Topics (Microsoft limitation)
```

> - Publishing events (either cloud or event grid) to more than one Topic is not supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Publishing either Cloud or Event Grid events to multiple topics
```

> - When publishing a Cloud event there is no support for
>   - AppInsight
>   - Tracing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Application Insights telemetry for Cloud Event publishing
- Tracing for Cloud Event publishing
```

> - No IPublishingDomainEventBehavior have been implemented for pull delivery

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `IPublishingDomainEventBehavior` behaviors for pull delivery
```

      "TopicEndpoint": "<azure_topic_uri>",
      "TopicName": "<namespace_topic_to_listen_to>"
      "SubscriptionName": "<subscription_name_under_specified_topic>",
      "TopicAccessKey": "<secret_value>", // Can be omitted to use Azure Identity (RBAC)
    },
    "TopicSub2": {
      "TopicEndpoint": "<azure_topic_uri>",
      "TopicName": "<namespace_topic_to_listen_to>"
      "SubscriptionName": "<subscription_name_under_specified_topic>",
      "TopicAccessKey": "<secret_value>", // Can be omitted to use Azure Identity (RBAC)
    }
  }
}

// Method 3: Set options values directly in C#
services.AddPullDeliverySubscription()
  .AddTopicSubscription("EventPropagation:TopicSub1", options => 
  {
    options.TopicEndpoint = "<azure_topic_uri>";

    // Namespace topic name
    options.TopicName = "<topic_name>";

    // Namespace topic subscription name
    options.SubscriptionName = "<subscription_name>";

    // Using an access key        
    options.TopicAccessKey = "<secret_value>";
    
    // Using Azure Identity (RBAC)
    options.TokenCredential = new DefaultAzureCredential();
  })
  .AddTopicSubscription("EventPropagation:TopicSub2", options => 
  {
    // ...
  });

> services.AddEventPropagationPublisher(options =>
> {
>     options.TopicEndpoint = "<azure_topic_uri>";
> 
>     // Using an access key        
>     options.TopicAccessKey = "<secret_value>";
>     
>     // Using Azure Identity (RBAC)
>     options.TokenCredential = new DefaultAzureCredential();
> 
>     // Topic type, Custom by default
>     options.TopicType = TopicType.Custom;
> 
>     // Namespace topic name, mandatory if topic type = namespace
>     options.TopicName = "<azure_namespacetopic_name>";
> });

Reviewer: I think this is not relevant to the current documentation section, no?

```suggestion
```
